Here's an example of what you can find attached to this lecture here we can create some accounts you'll
see we started with free accounts here at the bottom.
We can switch these status off these accounts and you can see that whenever I switch it or lock something
to the console.
You can also see that this gets locks locked.
If I create a new account here and overall what we get here is the logging and the data storage.
So in general tasks which might be centralized.
We also communicate between these components.
That's another area where services can be really helpful because let's have a look at our code.
I got three components the app component then the account and D-New account component.
The app component is where it all comes together.
They are in the template I embed the app new account and the app account component and I use property
and event binding to pass data around.
For example I loop through all accounts which are right now stored in the applicant and the component
here and I pass them via a property binding to the app account component here and there.
On the other hand I have an event which gets fired when I click one of the Read change to status buttons
which is submitted here which will be catched by my app component where I then handle it again.
So I do have event binding to be informed in my app component whenever something changes in the account
component.
Pretty much the same happens in a new account component.
There I can also listen to a click when I create a new account and on such a click I admit some data
to the app component.
So this is all fine but he already got quite a complex set up here to pass data around and there even
though that it's still relatively simple it's not a complex app here after all.
Now in this lecture we're going to see how services can help us with that.
And what we have to watch out for.
So let's dive into it and build our first service in the next lecture.